docs(glossary): Add YUSA terms and community suggestions. (#23)
YCloudYUSA/yusaopeny_docs: content/en/docs/glossary/_index.md

Theme
: A set of templates, styles, and code that define the presentation layer of a site. See [Theming Drupal](https://www.drupal.org/docs/theming-drupal).

YMCA Canada
Y Canada
: The Canadian YMCA Federation is made up of a national office and Member Associations across the country. See [ymca.ca](https://www.ymca.ca/).

YMCA North American Network
YNAN
: The organization representing the largest YMCA associations in the country.

YMCA of the North
Y North
: Formerly _YMCA of the Twin Cities_. One of the founding associations of Open Y. Lovers of llamas. See [ynorth.org](https://www.ymcanorth.org/).

YMCA of the USA
YUSA
Y-USA

> : The central office for YMCAs in the USA. Headquartered in Chicago. [YMCA of the USA](https://ymca.org/).

Reviewer: Instead of "central", can you instead say "national office", as central implies a hierarchy or top-down organization structure. If the words "support organization" can be worked in, that may help also.

Author: @TomScarboroughYMCA how's this?

```suggestion
: The national resource office, supporting thousands of YMCAs, tens of thousands of staff, and hundreds of thousands of volunteers in 10,000 communities across the USA. Headquartered in Chicago. [YMCA of the USA](https://ymca.org/).
```
